docs: Chapter 3 of the Klondike game tutorial (#1515)
flame-engine/flame: doc/tutorials/klondike/step2.md

# 2. Scaffolding

In this section we will use broad strokes to outline the main elements of the
game. This includes the main game class, and the general layout.

## KlondikeGame

> In Flame universe, the **FlameGame** class is the cornerstone of any game. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Flame universe, the **FlameGame** class is the cornerstone of most games. This
```
Maybe?

Author: done

```dart
    final world = World()
      ..add(stock)
      ..add(waste)
      ..addAll(foundations)
      ..addAll(piles);
    add(world);
```

```{note}
You may be wondering when you need to `await` the result of `add()`, and when
you don't. The short answer is: usually you don't need to wait, but if you want
to, then it won't hurt either.

If you check the documentation for `.add()` method, you'll see that the returned
future only waits until the component is finished loading, not until it is
actually mounted to the game. As such, you only have to wait for the future from
`.add()` if your logic requires that the component is fully loaded before it can
proceed. This is not very common.

If you don't `await` the future from `.add()`, then the component will be added
to the game anyways, and in the same amount of time.
```

Lastly, we create a camera object to look at the `world`. Internally, the camera
consists of two parts: a **viewport** and a **viewfinder**. The default viewport
is `MaxViewport`, which takes up the entire available screen size -- this is
exactly what we need for our game, so no need to change anything. The

> viewfinder, on the other hand, needs to be set up to properly take into account
> the dimensions of the underlying world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
viewfinder, on the other hand, needs to be set up to properly take the
dimensions of the underlying world into account.
```
